It is not then pulls vignette
[Music]
oh my God
no one will find me here already occurred
Bad huh
and if I can take it now, it happened
Hi my son, it was a little more touch
Oh, the way it's from here in the cinema, I win.
I am
uec thing beautiful today outside I
I thought there was no one today and you
with the call
it 's not, it 's not me it's not what it means
It's not the cascão, it's not Jorge, and you're with the
dog I'm jô soares your piranha
then will you have someone falls can
let me have here would be here
I fell for you to hit, but who?
forgot who falls well done because I
I'm going to stay here for a while for a while.
let me be a great fit
about bath near the number 1 league has arrived
to touch the ball and fell in the area and fell
this is not going to be good
[Music]
All right then
now let's see the pope is going to be late
a lot to talk about again if it 's the only one
where the mother carnal lady instructions or
I field my ball knee kallakis
I will today and tomorrow, my mother, if by line
it's really you
and ok
[Music]
what a ridiculous thing your cue stick
Hi guys, I hope you have
liked the video of join subscribe to the channel